are you guys what's up welcome back to
my channel that was gonna how Sesame
intro us but yes this is so gross Leslie
he has some goo on his table which
happens sometimes I feel like maybe just
us in the air oh he's a kid in some nice
neat place with his poo and then I have
to give up a bath anyways I just clean
him up um but great enjoy well welcome
back to my youtube channel today here
doing something really fun that I have
wanted to do for a while but it's got to
it we were doing a healthy tick-tock
snacks video I chose six or seven yummy
recipes that I had saved on tick tock
just in my saved file and we're gonna
make them today I have all the
ingredients we're also going to talk
about if they're actually healthy
because that's that's why I pick
quotation marks something that might not
be I'll also show you how to make good
substitutions four ingredients to make
them a little bit more healthy if you
choose and you want to do that of course
not everything you eat has to be a
percent healthy so please give this
video a like it is a lot of effort to go
and cook all of these things and
subscribe make sure you get the
notification melt if you want to be
notified of any new videos I make videos
every single Monday around 1 p.m. so
that's something to look out for and
without further ado I'm going to tell
you the recipes that we have on deck for
today okay so we have pancake banana
dippers really excited for that long
because I'm kind of in the mood for
breakfast food right now we have
strawberry banana frozen treats
good healthy cookie dough you guys if
the healthy cookie dough recipe works
out it's going to change my life
I love cookie dough in fact I'm obsessed
with the daily harvest by
I don't know if you've tried them
they're so good they're like healthy
cookie dough I just I can eat them like
all day and forget to eat a meal which I
don't do I try my best not to do that
but they're that good
I'm also gonna be cooking peanut butter
bites so that's kind of similar to the
daily garbage spikes I'm going to be
cooking frozen yogurt cups because I
looked good and then kale chips just cuz
I'm like kind of curious about that are
you guys we're gonna start with the
pancake dippers pancake banana dippers
and I have the batter right here okay so
we're gonna watch the videos together
but just keep in mind I can't play the
music because of copyright reasons so
we'll just put our own music over it or
something we'll figure it out alright
starting with the banana
[Music]
oh I didn't see that chocolate did at
the end I'm not going to do that but
we'll do the rest of it okay so I have
the pancake batter pretty much mix all
the ingredients here so I just let them
mix it up
I used a paleo pancake mix just a few
ingredients in a process one that you
can make whatever you want
I haven't had pancakes in the longest
line but I really love foods that you
can just like make really quickly there
are a lot of ingredients and this sort
of definitely looks like one of them
okay now I'm gonna cut banana just feel
large
a smaller okay okay so the batter here
then I'm submerging it like they did and
then I'm just placing it on the pan okay
I think I can flip some of these oh ho
cute I wait to show you guys
[Music]
all right you guys here we have the
banana poppers and we're gonna try them
out hey I don't have anything to dip
them in but they smell really good oh my
god that's so good didn't really realize
it till now
but it's a basically banana pancakes I
think if I had that table tops I would
be really good oh my god this is this is
so good the insides like sweet and then
the outsides obviously like breaded
delicious okay so let's talk about these
are healthy if I couldn't stop eating
them let's talk about it just as a
healthy snack
so pancake mix I just took a little look
at the one I used I use paleo pancake
mix and it's got some protein it's got
some mostly carbs and a little bit of
fat it's actually pretty balanced in
terms of PFF what I teach protein fats
and hybrids carbs it's how you can
balance your meals to get a really
really healthy meal that helps your
metabolism and helps you stay in
fat-burning mode in terms of the bananas
that's only carbohydrates so the only
only improvement that this meal we have
is to have a higher protein content in
the future I'm going to probably bake a
vanilla protein powder or a flavorless
collagen protein powder into the pancake
mix and then put it on the pan that way
it'll have more like 15 grams of protein
ish and the carbs are okay about 30 35
grams of carbs that's fine and it'll
probably have about 10 grams of fat
maybe actually that's not counting the
coconut oil I added so it would be like
15 grams of chopped in general probably
like a special occasion breakfast just
because it's a lot of fat for one meal
and if I was going to work out I
probably feel too good
only because fats are the slowest
digesting macronutrient and when you eat
a lot of fat heavy meal and then you go
to workout your body is literally still
in digesting mode and it stops digesting
in order to work on all the other
metabolic things you need to work on
when you're exercising and that's what
kindly is to like just suffocate while
you're working out so I would leave this
for like a Sunday morning breakfast
where I'm not gonna work out maybe like
a rest day and enjoy it but it's good
it's actually I would say it's pretty
healthy it's also not a lot of
ingredients in it which is always a
really good sign and when you're looking
for healthy snacks okay next up we have
strawberry banana treats
[Music]
bananas again
oh it's like banana strawberry ice cream
I just like the way these look they just
look really pretty
okay I'm gonna get all our ingredients
okay so the yogurt I'm gonna use for
this is Ziggy's I like sadie's its
vanilla because it's lower lower some
added sugar content then for example
Chobani even the less the less sugar
option to buy salt or sugar in it so
that's just something to be aware I
think what I I'm not even sure i chose
this video for the reason other than
that it's very soothing to watch like
she or he uses the kira-kira
filter so it's like super sparkly and
her music in the background I don't know
if I'm watching I was like yes I do feel
like we should talk about bananas
because they are healthy snack but there
are some carbohydrates fast digesting
energy sugars really good pre and
post-workout you know fruit is always
homemade but if you eat it if you're in
a few a day it's gonna start to be a lot
of carbohydrates that you can't really
make use of so just you know if you're
gonna have on have on definitely and you
know it's great as a poster pre-workout
fuel my strawberries are not gonna be
frozen like hers but I figured
that's right feel like I don't need to
for this my fellow microwave okay I
don't think I recommend doing it this
way I think of it I could just do it
I'll just kind of be lazy but I could
put it in maybe a electronic pull it
okay electronic bullet a magic bullet or
a blender or something
some jobs like a soupy it's really hot
soupy mixture here so she took out all
the clumps I don't know if I'm gonna do
that maybe I will no I don't really want
to waste waste to strawberry yeah
because there's a lot of clumps I'm just
gonna leave it and we'll see you mm-hmm
we'll see what happens mix it end
[Music]
okay that's what we have and now I'm
going to use a this I can use this just
coat them and then lay them on that up
tray I see what she's saying just kind
of like get stopped it's okay so we have
them here looking real cute and I'm
gonna pop them in the freezer super
excited about these these look delicious
so these are the strawberry and banana
yogurt right Wow they taste like ice
cream I didn't I didn't think they would
so I'm surprised they actually really do
taste like ice cream and what's great is
there it's all natural sugars okay and
this is definitely more of a dessert I
would say it's not very balanced there's
no fats unless your yogurt has some
healthy fats and there's no protein okay
you guys we are we've arrived at the
cookie dough this is this is what I'm
most excited to Homer I
first you gotta reach your knees into
the blender cup of peanut butter 2
teaspoons of vanilla 3 tablespoons of
almond flour experiments free tomorrow
well I kind of want to do a faceplant
now the last thing you have to do okay
okay so I kind of just realized
something unfortunate my so my magic
bullet it only really breaks up liquid
it's like it's for smoothies it's not
going to be able to handle all of these
dry creamy substances so we're gonna
have to do the cookie dough by hand but
rest assured I made a batch of a gel
gonna with my hands my bare hands
I do not have abundance of that in case
you don't know him Ladell gonna is it's
that thing that we've been seeing on
Instagram it's like whipped has like
that's really frothy top on the top of a
latte or matcha and you have to beat egg
whites for 15 minutes with a regulator
so with my hands I beat it for like 25
minutes literally fell off but I have a
much adult gonna after that so I trust
we can make this work we will we will
see though okay so I have the chickpeas
they are washed okay we have 1/4 of cup
of peanut butter which I'm just going to
estimate with my eyes let's see looks
about right to me I'm using Justin's
peanut butter that's my favorite kind of
peanut butter if I do eat it this is
what I'm going for
always all of this brownie oh we have 2
teaspoons
vanilla oh well we went a little over
but hopefully the cookie dough will
forgive us now she used almond flour I'm
gonna use coconut flour because almond
flour is very high in fat and well
that's good and it's a healthy fat I
just would prefer to have the facts in
this come from the peanut butter and the
chocolate which has a little bit of fat
rather than the actual cookie dough so
that's my personal personal swap there
okay and then she sweetens it with Aunt
Jemima which is maple syrup do you think
two tablespoons I'm gonna use a light
agave different sweetener a little bit
less processed just prefer cleaner
ingredient here and she used quite a bit
of sweetener so plus when we add
chocolate there's gonna be a lot of
sweets and nuts I'm gonna have to end
mash this and then I'll show you how it
comes out
[Music]
so I'm just gonna stop here some
chocolate chips these are just your
belly semi-sweet I'm actually going to
be its first see if I like that that was
a dumb question
I just wanna have top tips let's be real
okay we're just pouring in some
chocolate chips and then I'm gonna mix
it up again it actually does look like
you know like a consistency and it's the
coloring it's not just make this full of
chocolatey Oh bro right like things
reasonable
okay I'm gonna taste test this now and I
kind of I have a confession off the
camera as I was going out this thing
something came over me in the night to
the west so you didn't get my initial
reaction and I can't mind you guys and
pretend like this is the first time
trying it I know it wasn't even thinking
I just was like god I got to eat this
right now um so I already know it's bomb
but haven't tried the chocolate yet so
[Music]
oh my god like what this is crazy it is
so good you guys hmm-hmm-hmm if this
were in the fridge for a few hours I
don't think I'd be able to tell the
difference between this and actual
cookie dough it's perfect it's so good
I'm gonna put it in the fridge for a
little bit and get it nice and cool okay
guys I'm very excited about the cookie
dough but we're moving on to the fourth
recipe which is frozen yogurt cups which
I could have done when I did the
strawberry banana but I did not so let's
watch this one together that's the new
lily okay add some blueberries and
peaches goji berries and you see some
punch
put them in the freezer YUM simple
enough I don't have a little cupcake
papers that I drew up a muffin tray so
I'm gonna try it now okay so I went
ahead and I actually filled the tray
with parchment paper because I felt like
that'd be easier and I'm trying it with
two different yogurts I have to see
which one tastes better one is a nonfat
plain Greek yogurt it's a little case
truly like that from me Oh like
unflavored style and then I used also
the vanilla so to them two of them
advertise two toppings out and as far as
this being a healthy snack this is a
great snack what I love about it is that
it is high in protein giving me the
yogurt is a great source of protein if
you get a personal fat yogurt if you get
a crucial OOP mercial fat yogurt have
low fats in there she also have a GF
seeds which I thought was a great idea
chia seeds are an awesome source of
healthy fats protein and fiber they're
like the holy grail of PFF you can add
this to anything by the way they're
typically easier to digest if they've
been soaked in something like almond
milk or water but you can also you know
have them to things like this on top of
your oatmeal so I'm just sprinkling in
some find each one I already added the
blueberries I'm also gonna add my own
copy dude I'm gonna add some unsweetened
shredded coconut that's pretty I'm also
gonna add some sliced almonds for the
crunch I didn't have goji berries I
don't really like buying goji berries I
love how they taste but they're so
expensive in New York it's like $15 for
a little baggie of them so said you know
what we can do without that today okay
couple spiced almonds since I'm using
some non-fat yogurt
elements are going to be good for me to
get
that's in there then I'll show you guys
how these came out okay and this is what
we got
I'm going to pop these all in the
freezer right now okay
shall we try one of these I'm not sure
which one is which
okay no I dunno okay so these ones were
the vanilla ciggies and these were the
Greek yogurt I think I'm gonna try which
I try I'll try the Greek yogurt one then
wrapping it well my little percent paper
goes into that that's really good
the crunch is really good what I like
about this is it's really simple and
it's not as sweet as some of the other
desserts we have or snacks so number two
service okay guys I'm going to end it
actually with this this last recipe of
kale chips I know I said I was gonna do
the peanut butter bites but honestly I
looked over there asking and I'm like
this isn't anything special it was just
thinking about our oats and honey a
golden default and like we all know what
that tastes like
so we're just gonna do a more savory
snack here and let's take a look at the
tick-tock recipe
[Music]
okay this looks good let me grab my
thing okay so I'm gonna cut my kale
because I don't ya know what that hand
thing she was doing was I don't really
have any experience baking kale but why
would I write who I would anyone have
experience making kale I was just gonna
say I mean obviously I have it in salad
everything that haven't ever had to
prepare it really so this would be my
first time doing this I'm just gonna I
guess I'll just I'll put the big pieces
on here and then I'll break them up as
we go along so this is a great snap
because I would say it's a great
alternative to a potato chip you don't
get you know the high calorie snack that
a potato chip is the only thing as kill
can be very hard for some people to
digest in fact it pretty much strips
your digestive system down it's it's a
lot to break down so some people might
not have a easy time digesting kale
okay for seasonings I'm gonna follow
exactly what she recommended for the
most part I'm not gonna do the chili I
like I do like a little spicy chick but
I don't have any chili pepper or spices
with me right now so we'll stick with
salt pepper
we'll do some garlic powder I'm just
gonna drizzle some olive oil when a
drizzle turns into a free pour that's
why I don't freak or it ever especially
when I cook about frying and it's just
so words should not just go overboard
well the smell all
just so
now I'm gonna massage it for two minutes
straight
this is gonna be fine I want to say I
would rather do this then much to
compete oh because that was a workout
[Music]
so here's what the kale looks like it's
fully coated and I'm just going to pop
this in the oven for 12 minutes
okay
looks good honestly I'd probably eat it
like this and here they are
I'm just letting them cool so that they
get all crispy okay guys it's time to a
taste test kale chips they smell really
good and they're really fragile like
they came out perfect
customers Hall minutes like she said
whoa okay guys it's time to a taste test
the kale chips they smell really good
and they're really fragile like they
came out perfect
I cook them for 12 minutes like she said
whoa Wow
oh my god
well do as your pension is it's kind of
giving me like seaweed vibes
I love seaweed like as a snap this is
soba Wow super flavorful so good I love
the salty snap the next time I love
craving checks I'm definitely going over
this is great I'm gonna take all of
these snacks out now and then rate which
one's my favorite
okay you guys I think this has been the
funnest YouTube video episodes in a long
time it's just been really fun to cook
with you guys and try a bunch of
delicious foods so now I'm gonna rank
them according to what's most delicious
and also what I could eat regularly and
have it still be a really actually a
really healthy treat and not just kind
of like a dessert first up you got this
cookie dough I actually put it in the
fridge and it actually it's the perfect
temperature now it tastes amazing what I
love about this is it's still
high-protein because if the garbanzo
beans yes it's a little bit high in fat
it's still a little bit of treat but you
could build this into your into your
into your day because it does have
enough protein in it I think the next
one that was my favorite would probably
be the kale chips and that's also
because I'm a savory girl I like salty
snacks usually more than the sweet
things and these are just so they're so
perfect oh my god so healthy definitely
out of everything here the lowest
calorie but it got around we focused on
like the lowest calorie right the frozen
treats hmm I guess the pancakes for mine
my next favorite they're just a true
Sunday morning pancake vibe what I have
is every weekend
no probably not just because they are
really really high in carbs but don't
have a few maybe like a small three of
them for sure but I couldn't eat a whole
serving like I could this or probably a
couple cookie dough bites next would be
okay here's the thing
the strawberry banana what do you call
it ice cream bites I could see myself
eating those like keeping them in my
fridge and just having them at night
before bed or like whenever I have with
a little sweet tooth who is there a bath
good but I wouldn't eat them like
throughout the day but I would treat
them as dessert instead like I'm healthy
dessert alternative the yogurt cups I
actually would eat for breakfast because
they're really low in sugar like no
sugar
they have protein they have fat in that
fiber with the berries and chia seeds
I would legitimately call the yogurt
cups a true PFF meal that you could
enjoy kind of like anytime and it's not
super sugary or anything like that I
absolutely love these five snacks they
came out so good I literally I'm so
amazed but tick tock I don't know how
these kids how these kids do it but
anyways you guys thank you so much for
watching this honestly took a few like
hours I would say my whole day and a lot
of effort so if you got this far in the
video I would really appreciate your
giving it up like and also subscribe for
more runs and tailor to petite women and
healthy lifestyle fitness advice and I
will see you guys next week bye
[Music]